well today's a busy day HD 5870 and we
just got back from Georgetown
$5,900 six grand and brakes plus they
change all the brake lines as you can
see there's stainless steel braided
lines we actually had to wait a month
for these to come in and calipers and
rotors were in a long time ago but they
came in the other day so he took the
truck down and changed it all update on
the h2 don't think anything else is
being done to it any more power would
crack the block so I think that's it
probably the last video you'll see of it
the Corvette though is getting more
stuff done so you'll see a base of that
and my Jeep I'm getting custom side
exhaust put on for my birthday so I'll
make a video that - there is